Abstract:
When performing live, Prince would stop mid-song if audience members were singing along off-key or off-beat. He did a face that I have recently dubbed the Prince face. He would start the verse again, and expect audience members to be on-point and present. I imagine this Prince face can mirror the expression on the faces of my fearless leaders. My cats are very dissapointed in me. Frank is giving me the Prince face. He is meow-shaming me out of the front room. Well done, Frank. 
I wish I could tell you that I started this at the last minute. I wish I could admit that I didn't spend this weekend making flashcards and reading the entirety of "Javascript for Dummies" in one sitting. I wish I could tell you that I didn't see my tutor today(metaphorically). What I can tell you is that I made a full-throttle effort to create something that is hideous. I figured out time today. I can do the times. Nobody taught me that(besides Jerome poking the innards of my brain until it worked). I can do the times, and I can display the times. It was freakishly obvious and easy once it came to me. I also iniated the mouse-scroll color change thing. As you can see, it ended well...
I tried making columns using the grid, CSS, and Sass. I can write beautiful entries involving time. They just happen to not fit into columns, as they are not there. I will end with a story, so that I have sufficient time to badly execute a pull request/deploy a link.
During my senior year of high school, I was "chosen" to be on the Varsity girl's golf team. I think I lost my score card once a day. My hand-eye coordination contributed to scores of up to 13 per hole. At the end of the season, I received a trophy for "Most Inspirational". I showed up. I have lost my score card many times during this dumpster fire of a day planner. Nevertheless, she showed up. 
Programs and Devices Used: Mac, VS Code, W3, terminal, Github,Sass(the program), Audible.
Acknowledgments: Robert Smith, Jerome, Manuel, Frank the Cat, and the ability to self-soothe. 
